**How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It saved a lot of time in finding a typo.
As it let me find the differences between two versions.

showed the differences in a clean and organized way.

it would have taken me ages to find that difference if diff
wasn't used.

I can simply copy the lines i want from the previous version
of the code.


**How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

it makes all the codes that i have written available for me
to use anytime i want.

if i worked on a block of code and found out that it doesn't
work efficently as the one before, i can simply revert back
to the old version.


**What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Creating a commit helps you write a note about why you had
to commit at this specific time.
While automatically saving every time interval makes it too
messy and unorganized, hence, unefficient, time and history
wasting. Making it very hard to get back to a version in the
past.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because some files are interrelated to each other makes it essential to check both of them in Git.
while Google docs automatically saves changes and it doesn't care wether the files are co-related 
or not.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

I use git log to find the commit i am looking for by reading the commit logs msgs, then i use git diff (oldID) (newID) to find the differences that this commit has done.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Every change that i make is documented and saved on my wish.
So whenever i am making a change that i am afraid to do, i simply commit and go for it. And whenever i want the old version back i checkout to the best version i need.


